initial commit for know-your-computer workshop (#206)
CodeYourFuture/recap-workshops: know-your-computer/readme.md

# Know Your Computer

> "Know-Your-Computer" focuses on how to perform regular tasks on your computer with the use of the terminal using basic linux commands. This will help reduce the complexity and fear of using the terminal. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"Know Your Computer" focuses on how to perform regular tasks on your computer. In this workshop you will use basic Linux commands in the terminal. The goal is to reduce your fear of using the terminal. 
```

## Pre-requisite

> To be able to do this workshop you will require a laptop that has a linux shell running on it. If you already have a Mac or an Ubuntu operating system or any other linux distribution running on your laptop, then you are fine. If your laptop is running on Windows operating system, it is recommended that you download and install git bash for windows using this [link](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To be able to do this workshop you will need a computer with a Linux shell running on it. If you already have a Mac or an Ubuntu operating system or any other Linux distribution running on your laptop, then you are fine. If your laptop is running on Windows operating system, download and install [Git Bash for Windows](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

Code Your Future does not support Windows, so you must install or dual boot Linux to take our course. But to do this workshop, you can just use Git Bash.
```

Once installed, open git bash and you should be able to perform the tasks below. 

## Tasks

>  - Create a folder called my-shopping inside your Documents folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must use the terminal and Linux commands to complete each challenge. You must not use your GUI! Hands off the mouse! 🖱️ 

 - Create a folder called my-shopping inside your Documents folder
```

 - Then create a file called my-list.txt inside my-shopping folder
 - Write the following items to my-list.txt
   1. Tea
   2. Pasta
   3. Coffee
   4. Milk
- Create a new folder called my-new-shopping inside your Documents folder
- Now move my-list.txt that is already inside my-shopping folder into my-new-shopping folder so that it does not exist anymore my-shopping folder
- Make a copy of the my-list.txt that is inside my-new-shopping folder back to my-shopping folder
- Now add
   5. Sugar to the my-list.txt that is inside my-new-shopping.

## Resources

> To help with this here are resources you can refer to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

[freecodecamp.com](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/the-linux-commands-handbook/)

> [Guru99](https://www.guru99.com/linux-commands-cheat-sheet.html)

Reviewer: [CYF Treasure Hunt](https://github.com/CodeYourFuture/CLI-Treasure-Hunt)

Author: I've added the changes :)

# Know Your Computer

"Know Your Computer" focuses on how to perform regular tasks on your computer. In this workshop you will use basic Linux commands in the terminal. The goal is to reduce your fear of using the terminal. 

## Pre-requisite
To be able to do this workshop you will need a computer with a Linux shell running on it. If you already have a Mac or an Ubuntu operating system or any other Linux distribution running on your laptop, then you are fine. If your laptop is running on Windows operating system, download and install [Git Bash for Windows](https://git-scm.com/downloads).

> Code Your Future does not support Windows, so you must install or dual boot Linux to take our course. But to do this workshop, you can just use Git Bash.

Author: To be honest I haven't done it like that in ages :)

> Code Your Future does not support Windows, so you must install or dual boot Linux to take our course. But to do this workshop, you can just use Git Bash.

Author: Only if I cat get one more approval then I can merge

# Know Your Computer

"Know Your Computer" focuses on how to perform regular tasks on your computer. In this workshop you will use basic Linux commands in the terminal. The goal is to reduce your fear of using the terminal. 

## Pre-requisite
To be able to do this workshop you will need a computer with a Linux shell running on it. If you already have a Mac or an Ubuntu operating system or any other Linux distribution running on your laptop, then you are fine. If your laptop is running on Windows operating system, download and install [Git Bash for Windows](https://git-scm.com/downloads).
Code Your Future does not support Windows, so you must install or dual boot Linux to take our course. But to do this workshop, you can just use Git Bash.
Once installed, open git bash and you should be able to perform the tasks below. 

## Tasks
You must use the terminal and Linux commands to complete each challenge. You must not use your GUI! Hands off the mouse! 🖱️ 

>  - Create a folder called my-shopping inside your Documents folder.

Reviewer 2: Format the filenames to make them stand out from the text, whatever the format standard is for the workshops repository (eg backticks or bold text)

 - Then create a file called my-list.txt inside my-shopping folder.
 - Write the following items to my-list.txt file:
 ```
   1. Tea
   2. Pasta
   3. Coffee
   4. Milk
 ```
- Create a new folder called my-new-shopping inside your Documents folder.

> - Now move my-list.txt file that is already inside my-shopping folder into my-new-shopping folder so that it does not exist anymore in my-shopping folder.

Reviewer 2: I would put:
Now move `mylist.txt` from your `my-shopping` folder to your `my-new-shopping` folder.  Your `my-shopping` folder should be empty after this step.

> - Make a copy of the my-list.txt file that is inside my-new-shopping folder back to my-shopping folder.

Reviewer 2: Copy `my-list.txt` from your `my-new-shopping` folder back to your `my-shopping` folder.  After this step, **both** folders should contain a file called `my-list.txt`.

> - Now add:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Now add the following line to the my-list.txt file that is inside my-new-shopping:
```

```
   5. Sugar 
```

> to the my-list.txt file that is inside my-new-shopping.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: Just a minor change for consistency with previous lines. Looks good to go :)

Author: Thanks @chettriyuvraj, I've made the changes :)
